Title: Pillbug Scissors

General Description: something of a Zelda clone, top down

Genre: RPG

Ideas to Think of:
	Jakes thots:[
	movement mechanics
	camera mechanics
	camera style?
	honestly I don't know what all goes into making a game
	interesting mechanics (be it combat or story or whatnot)
	RPG? need lore and basic story
	]



Story:
	You start out in a lil mushroom house and your mom is feeding you dirt soup.
	Then suddenly a spider bursts through your door and eats your mom alive it's gruesome.
	He leaves you alive to suffer and die because -antagonist- and so you run outside
	to chase him and find a single blade of a pair of scissors. You wield this blade and
	cut down every spider in your path. You eventually find the spider that killed your mom
	and he bargains and says he'll tell you where your father is if you spare him. You are confused
	because your mom told you that he died in the great Roly Poly Holy War before you were born.
	No, says the spider, he is a great all powerfull beetle. You agree and he tells you how to reach him,
	and then you stab the spider in each of its 8 eyes anyway for being a mean ween. 
	blah blah gameplay somethin ok now you reach a temple inside an old tree trunk and you venture inside and
	find your real father, who tells you that he must kill you to keep his powers. He apologizes. You're like
	screw you man I just found out you're my dad I don't care about you and so you battle him and he's magic
	and stuff and you beat him if you aren't bad at the game (haha ben sux) and you can absorb his magic powers.
	this gives you the confidence to take on the great force of terror in the bug land, Spider King. 
	you use your newfound magic to give em a whoppin and then he's like: "Pill Bug: You were your own father all along"
	WooaAAhhHHH

	Damn ben that was really good except for all the parts where it sucked

	Alright so youre just regualar ass pillbug Phillie and all of the sudden bam some scissors drop from the sky and impale your good
	buddy friend and then scwhoop back to the side and youre all like oh fuck and then you see the shadow of the scissors coming
	down again and you gotta dodge them and oh fuck. you run around screaming like a pillbug maybe rollin into a lil ball
	for some speedy boost and eventually make it back to the Village Log but then you realize the gargantuan bruh moment that
	you lead the scissors right to your village. the scissors are stabbing left and right killing friends and family and even
	some assholes that you really didnt care that much about. you find a place to hide and when its over almost the whole village 
	is destroyed so you set out to follow the scissor tracks back to the scissors to exact revenge (but not before some blah
	blah entire game upgrade yourself become stronger). When you get the scissor trail end its actually a house when you stealth around 
	until you spot the scissors being controlled by some kinda giant. he spots you so you dodge some more but hes extra mad cause
	your in his house and then eventually you jump onto him and do battle but the giant is actually sam the pillbug murderer and 
	you eventually sieze the scissors and stab him in his eye through the brain. when your deed is done you commit sepuku 
	cause you basically killed your whole ass village and now at least you have enough honor to go to pillbug heaven.
